a) Counting objects: 100% (7/7), done.
   Delta compression using up to 4 threads
   Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
   Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 437 bytes | 457.00 KiB/s, done.
   Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
   remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
   To https://github.com/JustinRichman/Assignment1.git
      bbfa933..39dc044  master -> master

b) Using "$ git rev-list --all --count" I found that there was 5 commits done
or ""$ git shortlog" can do this as well with more detail.
Javier Escobar-Avila (2):
      First version of the RoleGame prototype.
      Main method changed

Justin Richman (3):
      Updated information files
      Git status from console after committing README
      Added file answers.txt

c) Using "$git log .gitignore" I was able to see the date the file was last modified was Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019

d) One good reason why git repositories use branching is so multiple programmers can work on different parts of an
feature without messing with the others code or even while working on the same exact feature. Another reason for branching
is so other programmers can also work on bug fixes while not interfering with what everyone else may be working on.

e) Git log shows a history of the commits made with some information about them while git status shows what files are
currently modified in the current working directory and if they are staged for commit or not.

f) Using "$git log Weapon.h" we can see all the commit that were made of this file.

g) Using "$git log --grep=file" will show all the files that have used the word "file" in the commit message

h) In respect to object oriented programming, inheritance is when there is base class or parent class and sub classes or
children classes can be created which will inherit properties like functions and member data from the parent class, while
being able to add new properties.
Polymorphism is when there can be a generic class which can branch into other classes that can define the functions of the
parent class as they fit. For example, a generic car class and then other classes come from that like Ford or Tesla with
having functionalities of a car can make them how they want.
Encapsulation is used to protect and hide member data of classes that are not meant to be messed with by other people using
the class. This is common practice, where in C++ you can put member data under Public, Protected, or Private each having
its own sort of privacy and ability to use it.

i) The main difference between "Dictator and Lieutenants” and "Integration management" workflow is that Lieutenants
serve as an extra checkpoint to integrate code while both have their own "dictator". The integration manager and dictator
serve similar a purpose but Lieutenants have an extra pass to check for conflicts.

j) A team of 100 developers would benefit more from the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow because there won't be as much
pressure when merging work and testing work together. With having two Lieutenants monitoring the bugs and merges is
less of an hassle than having just one integration manager, that manager would have a hard time managing 100 developers
code.
